Color choice for multivariate timeseries (#2680)
unit8co/darts: CHANGELOG.md

### For users of the library:

**Improved**

> - Extended `TimeSeries.plot()` to accept list or tupple of colors to specify the color of the componenents of a TimeSeries. [#2680](https://github.com/unit8co/darts/pull/2680) by [Jules Authier](https://github.com/authierj)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- `TimeSeries.plot()` now supports setting the color for each component in the series. Simply pass a list / sequence of colors with length matching the number of components as parameters "c" or "colors". [#2680](https://github.com/unit8co/darts/pull/2680) by [Jules Authier](https://github.com/authierj)
```
